Now we added a lot of cool things to our a little bit more complex component here.
Now let's wrap this all up by changing the styling a little bit by making sure that we all can close
the model when we click the backdrop.
And by also animating the model a little bit when it comes in and goes away no Definitely feel free
to do some of these things on your own past a video tried on your own at this point.
Otherwise we'll do it together of course.
So where are you successful.
Let's give this a try.
Let's start with a click listener on the backdrop which closes the model.
Now this shouldn't be too hard right in our modal component.
The backdrop in the end is this element with the IED backdrop.
So all we have to do is selected and then added event listener.
So here I will select my backdrop with this shadow root queries selector and then hashtag backdrop because
again we have that I.D. backdrop on that death and now I just need to add an event listener and I'll
do that here next to my button event listeners.
They're all X as my backdrop.
And add an event listener add a click listener of course and in the end here I want to do the same which
I do when I click to cancel button because in the end we cancel the model when we click the backdrop.
So we'll use this cancel method here as an event handler bind this.
So we'll do exactly the same as I do for the cancel button.
And with this change it should already work.
Fine I'll go back openness click somewhere on the backdrop and it closes this nice.
Now I want to work a little bit on the styling one to decrease the amount of whitespace we have up there.
Maybe add a line below our header.
So for that I'll go into my styling here.
Now for the line I'll add a border bottom here on my header which wraps my well header content at the
end.
And that should be one pixel solid and CCC.
So this is a light gray.
It's the same light gray I have as a border top.
On the actions end to reduce the amount of whitespace for a slot at age 1 content which brings extra
margins.
I'll set the margins of that age one tag to zero and now if that the reload does looks much nicer.
So this is now the look I want to have last but not least let's add a tiny animation CSX transition
to be precise.
And for that the modal itself should be animated when it comes in.
So to do that I want to have it slide in from the top and go from opacity 0 to opacity 1 over let's
say 300 milliseconds so actually reduce the top distance here to 10 VH instead of 15 which I had before.
Opacity already is set to Sierra initially.
And then when we show it which of course is the case here I want to estimate that now for that I will
actually add an extra rule here forward.
You opened a state or my model where I also set top to 15 the age.
I can't do this and this combined rule because the backdrop should not be moved down.
So here does this basically the end state opacity one point prevents all.
And then for the modal also in addition top set to 15 VH.
So it is pushed down further than it is initially when it is invisible and now so that we can see that
change.
I'll add.
De transition property to the motel and they're all set.
I'll transition everything so all properties should be watched and animated over dot free seconds with
an ease out timing function.
And if CSX transitions are something you're not familiar with attached you find some helpful resources
and might see as asked a complete guide here on udemy all of course is a great resource to learn more
about that.
So now if that if I reload this page you'll see it slide in and also automatically slide out the same
is the case when I click these buttons.
So now we have to a nice little animation here for our model.
And with that we built a pretty nice component which you can of course always enhance more you can style
these buttons differently whatever you want but I'm very happy with that and I think we learned a lot
of cool things in this module.